Lathmaneds gou ko) Jar, o alresdop been Laedaradon the Letd snd the edory has bean Job by the ot Joses Srbsst, Joses Burbsst arese the
Vieor, So frst tade, gout. grshiton o ot eating ot Cpurbst b s viedony over. the Levid [ —Satan sl js colords have bees Lethrobeds
theh Jhg ke the herstss sp Lard(ress rdlngver, so ang belleverss Ether, belteverss Lon 4 e thelr suthority W Grrost or. theg sren t
eXeretsth g thelr, suthority s Chebst <Satam sl ieoron rds g poole b the dordl ds smen tosaveds apeourise betawse the Aeb 4 e ahy
better, Bt iy-believers Wl emencin the gmseel 1o wvsaved pelics thes M gt v st come cut ot wndiar, Satan s Loiiston e Crumen bs 1o
fReath, the goods bed's to everyf Creature abd te_u et that they 4ed 1 have te be Lelhateds by the wod abiore That s hed e are e age dar, ob
the e Wiew geole grot ol op-the groed veds Us Brbist ands s born a gabs —Satan oo 4 be able 1o rade over, thel snphore. st is hov
belteverss are te ud Stan s Kb groh 4 Boughd 3hds Reduce 1 £ ethivg e Fithori o the Nave of Josus The Keg te sur. glorious
Wheriitanee s sur, suthorlity over, the Poderss op Lard(Mess bs the Nabie op- Jossus Belleverss have suthorlty sver. the Lovtd s the Nate of Jossus pot
s thatselves Bt Lk even €l Gosiel polices nave sliost thougnt the Nate of Josus bs frast 1o be wsed Jd(e » Ma ghe. earit obe dearus 1o dards
el prrces or sometiing Beltoverss aven 1 really wnioristont dhat theg mosess b thetr Whertisree  The TrAdghant Chureh because of-
that Nate, Al the groer smd authority Josus as bs iwesteds s Hhis Nag Belteverss have beew suthorlpeds to wse Hos Nae. s We Koo Je Ve,
beek sutharlpels te wse the Nate opJessies s trager, because Joses salds Wiatisrever. go sl sk e Eatier N Mg Nl 3o oll v 14, go
I Prafihascesndiig o e Werd o God Ls ohe dag belleveris take thebe. ghce o utharity s Brrbst o the esecth, But Josus Jso ot te
thebellever,  tomgname sall ey beltoverss eastont Lols  Mark  erepore vehave suthority sver. the Leal s the Nabe op-Jessus
PHLGHANS  Wierepore Gl shse ot itaidy exslied am snt sl eNHA ANFe gt (S AP0V e el emy NAlle. tatat
e NAM e o6 FoSUS every Knee sl bow o thAbARS Bethgns W heaven abds thiba~s beldgas Wb EAR AR and thingos betnges UNDes
THe £ ALAR Tve Nake of Josus ko suthoribty o tioree vesbivs Heaven earitiy sl iell e Lol reco g ses the sutiority o Joses Navie e
Ko e has to bod 1o that Nabie AL the Lol alse koo gdlpes the suthority gouhave W Brbst because o that Nate, Bt goubhast reco g se
fouksuthorlity s ekerehse U and take s standoa gatist the Letd s foses Nae Blossed Wi A Setettiol BPlossbgs b Buetst e
WLSLo op Gl ks authrrltf v, the evth s the true rssesston op-every etk o Geds 1 belon s 1o everyg obe ofws v 1t b obe of-the
setedted blossin s ofour. Wheritanee s abrts s Chebst EPHE~ SIS Flossed be e Gode abls € ather, opeut. Lotk Joses Chabst e
Rt Blessed ws i ALL SPEAUAL BLESSNGS Us jaavenly dhaces s Burbist b fosus reloitlon evergtiig Jeses Jrought—
eVerytin o~ Fe bougt bl secureds b Hhas ledory aver, Satan—He Llds por, the Boog op Curbst—you Josus trbdieh, bl Victory el 45 e
ey s gde bellever, Beeawse ve ane Blessed it sl sptettiol Blessin s that ved i cortatnly elude trlanp v sutiority ever, Satan
otherdbse b vedin 1 be all spiritial blossts gs e Prertean Standard orston saps Flessed be the Gl sl €ather, opour. Lords Jossus
Brrbst Jns hath blossed ws oLt every sebritiod Blossts gt the nesvenly daces b Buetst st Wedades gour ety s Burlst sver, <Satan anis
s el iosts v st verdos W lirist every stvade setriteld blesstngbelongns te grunod frowdon 4 have o derd or, stragade or prant
Ladotss 1o attaly to all sptrttiol Blessis s thegare slreaip pourss s gousppropriate thet by frlth b the om s ands efeselise vhat e, Kmr.(u,
belonges o pou But sl sptrttiol lossiges are bl ourss beeause ve are W FA Frounear soe geotle sap Bt So anloso seehs 1o grot hore
blosstngos than Lte We ook st centath socele v tund ey ane esectally Blossed s Gots B gruon 1 ol that b Seediture sphere Grd
pasir e Trtatgant Graren faverites Peoele vne enjrag the blessinges of Gods eleting tretr et atpd sathorits over. the Lot jrast
e et e 13K e 3/abta gt e dhat belobges et 1 3 grerter Legree than these Jne dob { apprstriate the Blossthgs o Gods [ fou Lon 4 Kpod
sbeud four, harltanee vl suthordty W Cuedst gou ol not be sble to artakee opdhat s e, A/mr.‘ﬂ, Jourss Exeryp obe ofus b the Fodg op-Crurist b
Blossed st M or every spbritiad blesstn gt Buebist sobo obe as a corer, ob the suthsrdty e prssess sver. the Lot s Joses Name e least
Webber, U the By o Spurbost eab be peaeless s e pace sp-Letets Lavids ant el sttt because op-dhs e bs W Gest, No ove bs blossed. ol
aporg setebtal blessty gas than angone clse s the Botiy op Bhrbsst 1 1o be regretied that every ember, o the By op Chrbist doesh t take.
Slatta gre of Jhat belei g5 1 A bocause s autharity over. the Lertd belonges fo hAR dnether e Kpes sboat 1 or ot B gormsson ean { take
SA/atta go of SoMethAR g e doessh £ Kpov about ov, ekeredse DMy the Trath Feted Uph Sets frou € ree e efess of gour. undarsstanding heod to
be el teneds o fou cab Ko sl ekeresse gour. sutherliy s Bpurbist bepore 14 Sl bemelt fou b ctiem, demdos gou cab Ko Jhaths goures but hot
st ugeh L Frow e (e It the Wk ags bud bet be s e, et Wl Py blessing elat, erivilege sroautionity ean belg e gou but iy
foudoot LK g about 4 goudot £ e ILSLoW o G st o Lt S, U fou Lot £act ob it fou Ko ad ehemehise bl agRopriate Jnat ass been
AAWeh o ou A4 ob  benepAt gou (4 dob § becotte s reality to gouever thaugh 1t s prar Lo gl prssesston st s oy goudeeds 1o Know st belongs o
foul Grlsst, Bt jrast Kpeoledge ofhat belob g5 1o goulusn 4 emougy 115 Kool ge acted s that branass resadts e Lol Loasn £ oabt the
toethe o Golo o Pl out the suthority that sty belen gxs 1o o b Curbist s s one vag Satan trtes b Lepeat the chbll of ol Ho Kiods
en the el op G pnts eut s fe gl baopad sutiaritp s Crsst e Wl engrop vietom pover kAR st s dnp —Satan Lriess to sbstare thiss
Kroled g am Bl gooile s e avi wvorsstandiv gt Keep tibs vital kmoolet ge frret thet Bt vhen the epide o Gods ko the trath A
scts ob that Keoledge e eat ve longor, be Lomiated by the Lot DTN Al go sl im0 the trati the Werds anl e T UTA the
Worle SHALL MAice 4ol € REE frouhave to Ko tha trath beprre the truth can Wake fou pree That s Jhat thiss versse bs sagbh g~ Thed
b, fou L Mow) the trath, o Godos Wor A about e Fouske W Brbist Lt Saetihgon the truth pou Kbow that Wak(ess pou free Tt s se prtant (w0
agtosapita luttle Ltm&wt(/ o goucat grasethe Meablis g frowthest Kdod the Werd bepore the Werd ean Wake gou pree Thes fouhave toact
ob the Worl goudped e “Fetaehant Sarieh, e Weral fou o) that, goused ob Wakess gou pree hen gou et ob thie Werds fou kped gou ol
enfrop Vietory over, Satable prrees W overy eArcahsianee, °F(‘f/l CoRMAHANS  Nou thaniss be ubte Gods iken, FLVFAY S CAUSeAFH U
O TR MPH Cebist, b Maketh Warbpest the Ssvous,ofhbs Kool go b us W every dhace God pralised us the Aetory s every
elredhstanee af/(\.f«g o tosts and trhaks Lot £ have o svercote gou The Blble Llin £ rsay THabKs be to Gl Vs cawsess goute trldhih evce Wi a
ke aver, Satam ant elreaistanees Beeause foses trbiipheds sver, sl o those satable. prreos—Hs trbati Us four. trbabeh betause fousre s
Hn CoORMNAHANS  Congbeare  But thardis be te Gold s leatss e on preom ace to dace o the teals op s trlang, Tote e B Ate
HSVetoRy o ex e eNeMle S OF THRIST Leboms (1 the pace opthese prets Jhat shoels cur sttitute be tosed the Levid and,
IS oS Ove s eoderiivg i prarat the Lol No Weare More than congueronss thesuah T ohs bvedws €on Frs e Fokpop Bt ve
are tad(g Josus J)LQ ob thoe eakith, Jsus Ls the Hoads sl e are Hus Boiloy We are seting pre Fesus b thls kit W the spptes ,erg Jesus s
the Pesstreser. o thie shverssans s okl anl Je s 1r ebperce that Lepest o thhs extit, —Satan Siall Nt Fhve Dowiston over, Beltever.s
The Wi Lok op Gl We sre tali g about the wlees of sur. Wherdtanee U Bebst fie Buble saps ve have beew translated out of the Kl globof
Lardesss s the KA glot of Grdos Loak —Sob Gk Fierepore sur iheritanee bielides the faet that the drds o LardCresss have be le g
authrRbLy ok, LoWlblod oVer, us {7»4( Jrote to the b{ha\/{&& at oMo Saplig €or s %u Mot have LoWlbloh aVer, fou foR. fe aRe bt abdeer, the Lo
bt aler, grace Col D Serse Sl sk Sstan sre SyheMens toedks Therefrre ve coddd mead s versse —Satan spall vot pave Lowtsten
e, geu Frotier transhation reados S snalliot b 1t over o frowendi meattt Satan sialliot v it over, gou Wipean £ Satan Lottt
